Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-programming-assignment-5-2
<br>
Learning objective : To gain experience with base and derived classes, virtual functions, and using applications of polymorphism. Also, to gain further practice with file I/O.Description:You will design a set of classes for storing student information, along with a main program that will read student information from a file, store the data, compute final grades, and then print a summary report to an output file. Program Details and Requirements:Details1. Design a set of classes that store student grade information. There should be one base class to store common data, and three derived classes that divide the set of students into three categories: English students, History students, and Math students. All data stored in these classes should be private or protected. Any access to class data from outside should be done through public member functions. The base class should allocate storage for the following data (and only this data):o student’s first name (you may assume 20 characters or less)o student’s last name (you may assume 20 characters or less)o Which course the student is in (English, History, or Math)2. Each class should have a function that will compute and return the student’s final average, based on the stored grades. All grades are based on a 100 point scale. Here are the grades that need storing for each subject, along with the breakdown for computing each final grade:English — Attendance = 10%, Project = 30%, Midterm = 30%, Final Exam = 30%History — Term Paper = 25%, Midterm = 35%, Final Exam = 40%Math — There are 5 quizzes, to be averaged into one Quiz Average (which can be a decimal number). Final grade computed as follows: * Quiz Average = 15%, Test 1 = 25%, Test 2 = 25%, Final Exam = 35%3. Write a main program (in a separate file) that does the following (in this order):a) Ask the user for input and output file names. This is the only input and output that should be done from keyboard and to the screen. All other input and output will be to and from files. (See the sample run below).b) Read the student data from the input file and store it using an array of appropriate type. You should use just one array for all students, not a separate array for each subject (i.e.COP3330 Object Oriented Programming in C/C++COP3014 Page 2this will be a heterogeneous list). You will need to allocate this list dynamically, since the size is stored in the input file. (Note that this also means each list item will need to be created dynamically). Each student’s data should be stored in a separate object. (Any dynamically allocated space should be cleaned up appropriately with delete when you are finished with it).Hint: Remember that a heterogeneous list is implemented using an array of pointers to the base class type. And as stated above, this must be created dynamically in this situation. i.e. you will need to use the new operator. If you declare your array like this: Student* list[size]; then it is WRONG.c) Print a summary report to the output file, as specified below. You’ll need to use the function that computes the final average when you do this, since the final averages will be included in this summary report.File formatsInput File — The first line of the input file will contain the number of students listed in the file. This will tell you how big a list you need. After the first lines, every set of two lines constitutes a student entry. The first line of a student entry is the name, in the format lastName, firstName. Note that a name could include spaces — the comma will delineate last name from first name. The second line will contain the subject (“English”, “History”, or “Math”), followed by a list of grades (all integers), all separated by spaces. The order of the grades for each class type is as follows:English — Attendance, Project, Midterm, Final Exam History — Term Paper, Midterm, Final Exam Math — Quiz 1, Quiz 2, Quiz 3, Quiz 4, Quiz 5, Test 1, Test 2, Final ExamOutput File — The output file that you print should list each student’s name (firstName lastName – no extra punctuation between), Final Exam grade, final average (printed to 2 decimal places), and letter grade (based on 10 point scale, i.e. 90-100 A, 80-89 B, etc). Output should be separated by subject, with an appropriate heading before each section, and each student’s information listed on a separate line, in an organized fashion. (See example below).General Requirementso No global variables, other than constants!o All member data of your classes must be private or protectedo Use the const qualifier on member functions wherever it is appropriate.o The code for this program should be portable. Test with g++ compiler commands before submittingCOP3330 Object Oriented Programming in C/C++COP3014 Page 3o You may use any of the standard libraries that have been discussed in class (iostream, iomanip, fstream, as well as C libraries, like cstring, cctype, etc). You may also use the string class library if you wish.o You may not use any of the other STL (Standard Template Libraries) besides stringo You should have already seen basic C++ file I/O techniques and I/O formatting in your pre-requisite courseExtra Credit (10 points)Within each subject in the output file, list the students in alphabetic order, sorted by last name. Do not change the given case (upper/lower case) of the names that were read from the input file when you print the output file, and do not change the output file format. Just print the records in order by last name. This sort needs to be true alphabetical (not just the “lexicographical” sort).Sample runScreen input and output: (keyboard input is underlined)Please enter the name of the input file.Filename: test.txtPlease enter the name of the output file.Filename: outfile.txtProcessing CompleteSample input file: (A full copy can be obtained on the Course Blackboard site)6Bunny, BugsMath 90 86 80 95 100 99 96 93Schmuckatelli, JoeHistory 88 75 90Dipwart, MarvinEnglish 95 76 72 88Crack Corn, JimmyMath 44 58 23 76 50 59 77 68Kirk, James T.English 40 100 68 88Lewinsky, MonicaHistory 60 72 78Corresponding output file:Student Grade Summary———————COP3330 Object Oriented Programming in C/C++COP3014 Page 4ENGLISH CLASSStudent Final Final LetterName Exam Avg Grade—————————————————————-Marvin Dipwart 88 80.30 BJames T. Kirk 88 80.80 BHISTORY CLASSStudent Final Final LetterName Exam Avg Grade—————————————————————-Joe Schmuckatelli 90 84.25 BMonica Lewinsky 78 71.40 CMATH CLASSStudent Final Final LetterName Exam Avg Grade—————————————————————-Bugs Bunny 93 94.83 AJimmy Crack Corn 68 65.33 DSubmit your files through the Blackboard Assignment portal for this assignment.